feat(curriculum): DOM Manipulation and Click Events with JavaScript Quiz (#56487)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/quiz-dom-manipulation-and-click-event-with-javascript/66edd07682767adff3a6231e.md

#### --text--

> What is the Document Object Model ?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
What is the Document Object Model ?

```

do not change empty lines

#### --distractors--

A programming language used to interact with an HTML page.

---

A JavaScript class you can instantiate to transform HTML into an mutable and serializable JSON object.

---

A set of JavaScript classes representing HTML elements as objects and allowing programmers to interact with it using JavaScript methods.

#### --answer--

A web standard representing the elements of an HTML page as a tree graph and how you are supposed to interact with them using code no matter which programming language you use.

### --question--

#### --text--

> Which of the following sentences is true for a web page ?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Which of the following sentences is true for a web page?

```

#### --distractors--

Nodes can have multiple parents.

---

You can access an element siblings using the `siblings` property.

---

Text and comment nodes can be accessed using the `children` property

#### --answer--

The root element is always an html tag.

### --question--

#### --text--

How can you use JavaScript to find all HTML anchors with missing hyperlinks ?

#### --distractors--

```js
document.findAll("link![href]");
```

---

```js
document.find("link:not([href])");
```

---

```js
document.querySelector("a![href]");
```

#### --answer--

```js
document.querySelectorAll("a:not([href])");
```

### --question--

#### --text--

> In JavaScript, how can you remove the last child node of a paragraph element with the "target" identifier and replace it with a "That's it." text node ?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In JavaScript, how can you remove the last child node of a paragraph element with the `"target"` identifier and replace it with a `"That's it."` text node ?
```

These strings refer directly to code.

#### --distractors--

```js
const target = document.querySelector("p.target");
target.remove(target.lastElementChild);
target.appendChild("That's it");
```

---

```js
const target = document.getElementById("target");
target.lastElementChild.replaceWith("That's it");
```

---

```js
const target = document.querySelector("p#target");
target.replaceChild("That's it", target.lastChild);
```

#### --answer--

```js
const target = document.getElementById("target");
target.removeChild(target.lastChild);

> target.append("That's it");

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
target.append("That's it.");
```

```

### --question--

#### --text--

Which one of these affirmations is false ?

#### --distractors--

The `innerHTML` element's property returns all the HTML content inside it as text.

---

The `innerText` element's property only returns the text content that is shown on screen.

---

The `textContent` node's property returns all the text content inside it.

#### --answer--

The `htmlContent` node's property only returns HTML content that is shown on screen.

### --question--

#### --text--

Which of the following JavaScript lines do not insert a thematic break at the end of the document body ?

#### --distractors--

```js
document.body.insertBefore(document.createElement("hr"), null);
```

---

```js
document.body.appendChild(document.createElement("hr"));
```

---

```js
document.body.after(document.createElement("hr"));
```

#### --answer--

```js
document.body.append("<hr/>");
```

### --question--

#### --text--

Which of the following statements is false ?

#### --distractors--

> `window` is an alias for `navigator.window`
> ```js
> window === navigator.window // returns true
> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
`window` is an alias for `navigator.window

```js
window === navigator.window // returns true
```
````
code fences always need to be surrounded by empty lines

---

You can use the user screen properties (like position and size) using the `Window` object.

---

> `navigation` is an alias for `window.navigation`
> ```js
> navigation === window.navigation // returns true
> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
`navigation` is an alias for `window.navigation`

```js
navigation === window.navigation // returns true
```
````

#### --answer--

> You can access the clipboard using
> ```js
> await browser.clipboard.read();
> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
You can access the clipboard using

```js
await browser.clipboard.read();
```
````

### --question--

#### --text--

Assuming the JavaScript variable `element` is an HTML `Element` object, which code does not do the same thing as the others ?

#### --distractors--

```js
element.toggleAttribute("disabled");
```

---

```js
element.hasAttribute("disabled") ? element.removeAttribute("disabled") : element.setAttribute("disabled");
```

---

```js
element.toggleAttribute("disabled", element.!hasAttribute("disabled"));
```

#### --answer--

```js
element.setAttribute("disabled", !element.getAttribute("disabled"));
```

### --question--

#### --text--

Which of those does not set the element text color to `red`.

#### --distractors--

```html
<p style="color: red;">...</p>
```

---

```html
<p id="paragraph">...</p>
<script>document.getElementById("paragraph").style.color = "red";</script>
```

---

```html
<style>.red-txt { color: red; }</style>
<p id="paragraph">...</p>
<script>document.getElementById("paragraph").classList.add("red-txt");</script>
```

#### --answer--

> ```html
> <p color="red">...</p>
> ```
> 

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```html
<p color="red">...</p>
```
````

extra empty line here

### --question--

#### --text--

In the case of a click event, which `Event` property returns the clicked sub-element that triggerred the parent's callback ?

#### --distractors--

`element`

---

`currentTarget`

---

`type`

#### --answer--

`target`

### --question--

#### --text--

Which `Event` property returns the HTML element that had the event set on ?

#### --distractors--

`target`

---

`element`

---

`type`

#### --answer--

`currentTarget`

### --question--

#### --text--

Which `Event` function can be called to cancel the bubbling up of the event to parent ones without denying the others element's events ?

#### --distractors--

`stopImmediatePropagation()`

---

`preventDefault()`

---

`composedPath()`

#### --answer--

`stopPropagation()`

### --question--

#### --text--

Which event is triggered when all the HTML page's elements have been parsed by the browser ?

#### --distractors--

`load`

---

`DOMLoaded`

---

`HTMLContentLoaded`

#### --answer--

`DOMContentLoaded`

### --question--

#### --text--

> Which event is triggered when the HTML page and it's ressources are fully loaded ?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Which event is triggered when the HTML page and it's resources are fully loaded ?
```

---

`setTimeout` calls a function once after a delay and `setInterval` call a function continously after an interval delay.

---

They both return a timer's id that can be stopped, respectively with `clearTimeout(id)` and `clearInterval(id)` functions.

#### --answer--

They both are `navigator` properties aliases.

### --question--

#### --text--

Using the JavaScript Web animation API, how can you animate a "square" identified element to scale down to 0 in one second.

#### --distractors--

```js
document.getElementById("square").animate(
    [ { transform: "scale(0)" }, { transform: "scale(1)" }, ],
    { duration: 1 },
);
```

---

```js
document.getElementById("square").animate(
    [ { transform: "scale(1)" }, { transform: "scale(0)" }, ],
    { duration: 1 },
);
```

---

```js
document.getElementById("square").animate(
    [ { transform: "scale(0)" }, { transform: "scale(1)" }, ],
    { duration: 1000 },
);
```

#### --answer--

```js
document.getElementById("square").animate(
    [ { transform: "scale(1)" }, { transform: "scale(0)" }, ],
    { duration: 1000 },
);
```

### --question--

#### --text--

> Which method do not exists on this `Animation` object instance ?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Which method does not exists on an `Animation` object instance ?
```

#### --distractors--

`play()`

---

`pause()`

---

`cancel()`

#### --answer--

`stop()`

### --question--

#### --text--

> You have an HTML page with a 100x100 pixel canvas identified by the "art" id, and the following code :
> ```js
> const canvas = document.getElementById("art");
> const context = canvas.getContext("2d");
> 
> ctx.fillStyle = "blue";
> ```
> Which line can append to print a 50x50 blue square at the center of this canvas ?

Reviewer: ````suggestion
You have an HTML page with a 100x100 pixel canvas identified by the "art" id, and the following code :

```js
const canvas = document.getElementById("art");
const context = canvas.getContext("2d");

ctx.fillStyle = "blue";
```

Which line can append to print a 50x50 blue square at the center of this canvas ?
````

#### --distractors--

```js
ctx.fillRect(50, 50, 25, 25);
```

---

```js
ctx.fillRect(50, 50, 50, 50);
```

---

```js
ctx.fillRect(50%, 50%, 50, 50);
```

#### --answer--

```js
ctx.fillRect(25, 25, 50, 50);
```

### --question--

#### --text--

Let's say you have an HTML `dialog` element stored into a JavaScript variable `welcomeDialog`. It does not show on screen by default. How can you reveal it and then hide it after a 1 seconds delay ?

#### --distractors--

> ```js
> welcomeDialog.showModal();
> setTimeout( () => welcomeDialog.hideModal(), 1000);
> ```
> 

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```js
welcomeDialog.showModal();
setTimeout( () => welcomeDialog.hideModal(), 1000);
```
````

accidentally added an empty line

### --question--

#### --text--

Which one of these affirmations is false?

#### --distractors--

The `innerHTML` element's property returns all the HTML content inside it as text.

---

The `innerText` element's property only returns the text content that is shown on screen.

---

The `textContent` node's property returns all the text content inside it.

#### --answer--

The `htmlContent` node's property only returns HTML content that is shown on screen.

### --question--

#### --text--

Which of the following JavaScript lines do not insert a thematic break at the end of the document body?

#### --distractors--

```js
document.body.insertBefore(document.createElement("hr"), null);
```

---

```js
document.body.appendChild(document.createElement("hr"));
```

---

```js
document.body.after(document.createElement("hr"));
```

#### --answer--

```js
document.body.append("<hr/>");
```

### --question--

#### --text--

Which of the following statements is false?

#### --distractors--

`window` is an alias for `navigator.window

```js
window === navigator.window // returns true
```

---

You can use the user screen properties (like position and size) using the `Window` object.

---

> `navigation` is an alias for `window.navigation`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`navigation` is an alias for `window.navigation`:
```

```js
navigation === window.navigation // returns true
```

#### --answer--

> You can access the clipboard using :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can access the clipboard using:
```

```js
await browser.clipboard.read();
```

### --question--

#### --text--

Assuming the JavaScript variable `element` is an HTML `Element` object, which code does not do the same thing as the others?

#### --distractors--

```js
element.toggleAttribute("disabled");
```

---

```js
element.hasAttribute("disabled") ? element.removeAttribute("disabled") : element.setAttribute("disabled");
```

---

```js

> element.toggleAttribute("disabled", element.!hasAttribute("disabled"));

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
element.toggleAttribute("disabled", !element.hasAttribute("disabled"));
```
Otherwise there's `SyntaxError`.

Author: Yes, that's an intended `SyntaxError` for it to be a distractor, otherwise it would be an other working solution.

Reviewer 3: But the code should be working and toggling the attribute 😛. Question is asking for option that's not doing it.

Author: You are right, my bad :') Nice double check !

Author: I've been a little bit too confident on this one sorry ! 😅

Author: I also noticed I didn't provide a second argument to SetAttribute, causing a TypeError, I got this fixed

```

#### --answer--

```js
element.setAttribute("disabled", !element.getAttribute("disabled"));
```

### --question--

#### --text--

> Which of those does not set the element text color to `red`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Which of these does not set the element text color to `red`.
```

#### --distractors--

```html
<p style="color: red;">...</p>
```

---

```html
<p id="paragraph">...</p>
<script>document.getElementById("paragraph").style.color = "red";</script>
```

---

```html
<style>.red-txt { color: red; }</style>
<p id="paragraph">...</p>
<script>document.getElementById("paragraph").classList.add("red-txt");</script>
```

#### --answer--

```html
<p color="red">...</p>
```

### --question--

#### --text--

In the case of a click event, which `Event` property returns the clicked sub-element that triggerred the parent's callback?

#### --distractors--

`element`

---

`currentTarget`

---

`type`

#### --answer--

`target`

### --question--

#### --text--

> Which `Event` property returns the HTML element that had the event set on?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Which `Event` property returns the HTML element that the event listener was attached to?
```

#### --distractors--

`target`

---

`element`

---

`type`

#### --answer--

`currentTarget`

### --question--

#### --text--

> Which `Event` function can be called to cancel the bubbling up of the event to parent ones without denying the others element's events?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Which `Event` function can be called to prevent an event from bubbling up?
```

Author: I might be wrong but if we don't specify "without denying the others element's events", then both `stopImmediatePropagation` and `stopPropagation` would be possible answers isn't it?

Reviewer: @naomi-lgbt here your answer is required

> Which `Event` function can be called to prevent an even from bubbling up, without denying the others element's events?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Which `Event` function can be called to prevent an event from bubbling up without affecting other listeners on the current target?
```

#### --distractors--

```html
<button onclick="validate()">Validate</button>
```

---

```html
<button id="validate_button">Validate</button>
<script>document.getElementById("validate_button").addEventListener('click', validate);</script>
```

---

```html
<button id="validate_button">Validate</button>
<script>document.getElementById("validate_button").onclick = validate;</script>
```

#### --answer--

```html
<button id="validate_button">Validate</button>
<script>document.getElementById("validate_button").click = validate;</script>
```

### --question--

#### --text--

What statement is false about `setTimeout` and `setInterval`?

#### --distractors--

The first parameter is the function callback and the second is the delay duration in milliseconds.

---

`setTimeout` calls a function once after a delay and `setInterval` call a function continously after an interval delay.

---

They both return a timer's id that can be stopped, respectively with `clearTimeout(id)` and `clearInterval(id)` functions.

#### --answer--

They both are `navigator` properties aliases.

### --question--

#### --text--

> Using the JavaScript Web animation API, how can you animate a "square" identified element to scale down to 0 in one second.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Using the JavaScript Web animation API, how can you animate a `"square"` identified element to scale down to `0` in one second.
```

#### --distractors--

```js
document.getElementById("square").animate(
    [ { transform: "scale(0)" }, { transform: "scale(1)" }, ],
    { duration: 1 },
);
```

---

```js
document.getElementById("square").animate(
    [ { transform: "scale(1)" }, { transform: "scale(0)" }, ],
    { duration: 1 },
);
```

---

```js
document.getElementById("square").animate(
    [ { transform: "scale(0)" }, { transform: "scale(1)" }, ],
    { duration: 1000 },
);
```

#### --answer--

```js
document.getElementById("square").animate(
    [ { transform: "scale(1)" }, { transform: "scale(0)" }, ],
    { duration: 1000 },
);
```

### --question--

#### --text--

Which method does not exists on an `Animation` object instance?

#### --distractors--

`play()`

---

`pause()`

---

`cancel()`

#### --answer--

`stop()`

### --question--

#### --text--

> You have an HTML page with a 100x100 pixel canvas identified by the "art" id, and the following code :

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You have an HTML page with a 100x100 pixel canvas identified by the `"art"` ID, and the following code:
```

> You have an HTML page with a 100x100 pixel canvas identified by the `"art"` ID, and the following code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You have an HTML page with a 100x100 pixel canvas identified by the `"art"` id, and the following code:
```

Author: "id" was previously changed to "ID" due to naomi suggestion.
https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp/pull/56487/commits/eefd6db096130479512c8e8601e610669b8b03e8

Which one should I apply ? There is one other occurence line 434 :
> timer's id

Reviewer: @naomi-lgbt maybe should answer this

Reviewer 2: There are two options. If we want to specifically refer to the attribute, it needs to be in code tags `` `id` ``. If we are referring to the abbreviated *meaning*, "identifier", then it should be `ID`.

Author: I modified this in the following commit : https://github.com/hedocode/HACKTOBERFEST-2024-DOM-and-Click-Events-Quiz-56206/commit/b9fca843a8790234a8c6662576e57ab9521f2e0c
Tell me if that suits you.

```js
const canvas = document.getElementById("art");
const context = canvas.getContext("2d");

ctx.fillStyle = "blue";
```

Which line can you append to print a 50x50 blue square at the center of this canvas?

#### --distractors--

```js
ctx.fillRect(50, 50, 25, 25);
```

---

```js
ctx.fillRect(50, 50, 50, 50);
```

---

```js
ctx.fillRect(50%, 50%, 50, 50);
```

#### --answer--

```js
ctx.fillRect(25, 25, 50, 50);
```

### --question--

#### --text--

> Let's say you have an HTML `dialog` element stored into a JavaScript variable `welcomeDialog`. It does not show on screen by default. How can you reveal it and then hide it after a 1 seconds delay?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Let's say you have an HTML `dialog` element stored into a JavaScript variable `welcomeDialog`. It does not show on screen by default. How can you reveal it and then hide it after a one second delay?
```

#### --text--

> Using the JavaScript Web animation API, how can you animate a `"square"` identified element to scale down to `0` in one second.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the JavaScript Web animation API, how can you animate a `#square` element to scale down to `0` in one second.
```

```suggestion
Using the JavaScript Web animation API, how can you animate an element with the id of `"square"` to scale down to `0` in one second.
```

one of these two make more sense I think

Author: You are right, I personnaly like the second option, might be more clear to people not familiar with the `#` notation, I would even add "to scale *it* down".
